kanun in southern Ghana Gaza is one of
the places where people in the north
have been told to head for but Israeli
air strikes have been pounding
residential buildings there at least one
Palestinian was killed and several have
been injured in an attack only hours ago
Al yum say joining us now in the line
from carus in South Gaza okay what have
the last few hours been
like well Rob the bombardment has its St
even here in Khan unun and in Raa uh
where a thousand thousand of people are
and thousands more are still coming and
uh the the two governments are are
extremely packed up with people even
over their capacity and and yet the
bombardments are still going on in
different areas in both governance and
in between them while in the northern
Gaza Strip we're still hearing the
bombardments in ha in the west of Gaza
City in in the northern part of Gaza
Strip in hanon and in lahia the
bombardment is still ongoing people are
still uh after last night's extreme bom
bombardments are still trying to get to
the South this morning and in these
hours as we speak uh we still know a lot
of people who are trying to head south
despite uh the full capacity of the
entire two governance uh recently in
this morning and in the past few hours
of of Don uh Al Hospital which has uh
residents not just the the the civilians
or uh the people who were injured and
and the people who are uh being
hospitalized in the hospital but
residents who have taken refuge fromal
and T Hawa neighborhoods have all been
staying at Al hospital that was actually
uh ordered to evacuate this morning the
people there are evacuating waiting on
foot according to the uh medical sources
of the hospital they said that they
negotiated the Israeli Army uh who was
in touch with them to give them more
hours because there are no Cars to take
them sou so all the PE the injuries and
the residents that were staying in
hospital are going to be moving uh um
towards the South with the medical staff
in that hospital on foot so uh also uh
the Ala Hospital in the northern part of
Goda strip was also ordered to evacuate
with thousands of people between
injuries and residents taking refuge in
that hospital Rob y I know that you and
your family moved South to to Kan yunes
on Friday what are people able to bring
with them given the fact that they're
essentially having to to be told to drop
everything leave their homes in Northern
Gaza and move South what are they
actually able to to take with
them we took very little stuff bro we
took whatever we
could yumna are you
okay I'm okay but the situation is
extremely terrible we have no
electricity we have no water we have no
internet I could gather whatever I could
gather in just a few hours for my
children and all the families the same
it's not just me this is how all the
families are and we could and we just
took little little food and drink with
us and there's a shortage and acute
shortage of food in in in the shops in
in in supermarkets everywhere we can
barely like we literally can barely find
water and food and everything we're just
shut out of the whole
world yum I I understand of course we
all do that this is very difficult for
you your family and of course all those
trying to move towards conun given the
fact that the people in conun are
already under a lot of stress and
already in a very difficult situation
how are the people of K yunas coping
with the influx of people from the north
how are they trying to help people who
are arriving in their
Town Rob I swear to God literally every
house in CR unit is hosting two or three
families from God City that they don't
even know people who have relatives here
in kanun have gone to their relatives in
addition to neighbors uh uh from from
from their buildings in in GTA City and
they're hosting them in their homes
every single home like I'm staying in a
100 meters apartment with three other
families this is basically how it is and
everyone all the homes around me are
like that people yes they've opened
their homes to welcome everyone who ever
they they can take uh other other homes
have like we're talking about over 20 30
people in one apartment this is how it
is but people are just saying at least
they would find the shelter a roof on
their top to take shelter in from the
bombardment and to stay in since they're
forced to evacuate and yet we're still
getting calls from so many people we
know asking us if there's space around
us if we know anyone that they still
have space to host them with them
yumna we're going to leave it there
yumna Al talking to us from kanun in
South
Gaza